THE MENU SYSTEM

The items of most of the menus are selected by the duration of a button press.
The options within the submenus within the Power-On Menu are each cycled with
the Pattern Button and selected with the Mode Button.

Power-On Menu:
  Grey:     Power on.
  Blue:     Select LED intensity.
  Amber:    Enable or disable the updating of the Last Used Pattern memory:
    Sea Green (2 distal LEDs): Selecting a pattern updates the LUP memory.
    Red (2 proximal LEDs): The LUP memory is locked.
  Red:      Set restriction level:
    Green (3 LEDs):           No restrictions.
    Blue (3 LEDs):            A full Favourites list blocks new entries.
    Amber (2 proximal LEDs):  Favourites list locked.
    Red (1 proximal LED):     Favourites list locked, bank selection disabled.
  Final:    Power off.

Mode Button:
  Tap:            Advance to the next bank of patterns (or Favourites).
  Short press:    Jump to Favourites (or Bank 0, if there are no Favourites)
  Long press:     Power off.

Pattern Button (for Banks 0 to 9):
  Tap:            Advance to the next pattern within the current bank.
  Long press:
    1,2,3 Yellow: Begin Slideshow (with 3s, 7s or 15s interval).
    Sea Green:    Save pattern (with selected colours) to Favourites.
    1 Grey:       Cancel.

Pattern Button (for Favourites):
  Tap:            Advance to the next Favourite pattern.
  Long press:
    1,2,3 Yellow: Begin Slideshow (with 3s, 7s or 15s interval).
    Green:        Promote pattern to the start of the list.
    Red:          Delete pattern from Favourites.
    1 Grey:       Cancel.

Pattern Button (for Slideshow):
  Tap:            Select the previous pattern. (The Slideshow continues.)
  Long press:
    Blue:         Stop the Slideshow.
    Magenta:      Stop the Slideshow and enter Pattern Adjustment Mode.
    Blue:         Stop the Slideshow.

Pattern Adjustment Mode:
  Mode Button:
    Tap:            Cycle focus between Tempo, Ramp A, Ramp B and Ramp C.
    Medium press:   Return to normal mode (leaving the pattern adjusted).
    Long press:     Power off. (Changes will be lost.)
  Pattern Button:   Cycle Tempo (1..8) or colour ramp.

Notes:

* Until it is transferred to the Favourites list, only one adjusted
  pattern can exist at a time (and only while the power remains on).
  Entering the Pattern Adjustment Mode for another preset pattern
  causes the previously adjusted pattern to instantly revert to its
  default colours and tempo.

* Patterns with flat colours use only the first (foreground) colour
  of each colour ramp assigned to them. The first ramp sets the
  background colour. (Most ramps set the background to black.)

* Most of the flame animations reference one of a few special
  16-colour ramps rather than one of the many 3-colour ramps, to
  provide relatively smooth persistence-of-vision effects.

* In the pattern editor, the tempo is indicated by a binary display
  of the relative period from 1 to 8, with only the lower three
  bits visible. Blue = 0, orange = 1. The least significant bit is
  at the distal end, the end at the lowest point when the poi is
  suspended by the lanyard. A period of 8 is displayed as (1)000
  in a lighter shade of blue. The period is proportional to the
  length of the pattern traced at any given speed.
